matchpathcon, secon: add page (#12841)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/matchpathcon.md

# matchpathcon

> Lookup the persistent SELinux security context setting of a path.
> See also: `semanage-fcontext`, `secon`, `chcon`, `restorecon`.
> More information: <https://manned.org/man/matchpathcon.8>.

> - Lookup the persistent security context setting of a path:
> 
> `matchpathcon {{/path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lookup the persistent security context setting of an absolute path:

`matchpathcon {{/path/to/file}}`
```

Does it have to be an absolute path? Otherwise, we could do this:

```suggestion
- Lookup the persistent security context setting of a path:

`matchpathcon {{path/to/file}}`
```

Author: Technically it's just a plain regex match, so neither form is technically correct.

Practically though, all policy rules are written with absolute path in mind. Non-absolute regexes would be a pretty big security loophole IMO.

So I prefer the first form.
